# Project Generator
## Very simple unix C/C++ Project Generator
### Created by Damon Murdoch ([@SirScrubbington](https://twitter.com/SirScrubbington))

## Description
This application is a very simple C/C++ project generator, written in C. The arguments
are as follows:

Usage: pgen projectname [subfile(s)] [-c] [-cpp] [-h] [-m] [-f] [-i]

projectname: Name of the project, which will be used as the main source file in the program

subfiles: Names of each subfile which should be generated by the program

-c: Tells the program to create .c source files for the project, and handle .c source files in the makefile.

-cpp: Tells the program to create .cpp source files for the project, and handle .cpp source files in the makefile.

-h: Tells the program to make .h files for each source file in the project.

-f: Tells the program to force overwrite any existing files with required names in the directory. If this flag is unchecked, previously defined files with same names will be ignored.

-m: Tells the program to generate a makefile.

-i: Tells the program to create a main function in the main source file for the project. 

## Future Changes
A list of future planned fixes / improvements are listed below.

| Change Description | Priority |
| ------------------ | -------- |
| No planned changes | -        |

### Problems / Improvements
If you have any suggested improvements for this project or you encounter any issues, please feel free to open an issue [here](https://github.com/damon-murdoch/fe-fates-unit-files/issues) or send me a message on twitter detailing the issue and how it can be replicated.

## Sponsor this Project
If you'd like to support this project and other future projects, 
please feel free to use the paypal domation link below.

https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/sirsc